hello my name is flashy Van Tassel it
the bondage queen welcome to bandage on
a budget the art of domination for the
everyday woman and man here and the
Learning Annex I will be your guide
through your journey into domination
show you how to most effectively use it
on your partner while fitting it into
your busy day to day schedule and lives
without breaking the bank or sacrificing
your genteel and lady like a gentleman
they like demeanor and class I will
teach you the ins and outs of whips
chains leather rubber headgear harnesses
handcuffs lubrication videos and much
more I will show you how to spice up
your love life while strapping your
partner down with several pairs of snug
fit restraints and making them obey and
submit to your every will all without
raising your voice or your writing drop
unless of course they have been very
naughty and deserve every round house
and lash you can possibly muster I will
show you how to use and explore everyday
household items as oral gags and orifice
plugs for you and your partner how to
use blind folds and sensory deprivation
to your benefit while refining the
technique of overwhelming the olfactory
senses toleration to heat cold and lack
of air flow due to submersion into water
or encapsulation and confining
apparatuses or sealed and locked
industrial contraptions all of which are
perfectly legal safe and inexpensive
losing the practice of domination can be
a wonderful addition to your sexual
repertoire if done correctly done
incorrectly it can be rather frightening
and violent which is why I'm glad you're
all here to learn this sadly
misunderstood art of pleasure my hope is
that during this eight-week course you
will learn practice share and enjoy all
that domination has to offer and use it
for
the good of your personal growth and
relationships now let's begin today I'm
going to show you how certain body
piercings can be used to connect a
tether between you and your partner now
let's begin with a personal
demonstration this is going to be fun
for all involved